1. on the db schema, i think it can be managed (CRUD) by superadmin (owned all, also have unique dashboard), the user will have: uuid, name, email login/username, password, role (each role have specific access / RBAC) :
a. There's 4 admin in total, each have unique role on unique stage (switchable between own/view) so i need superadmin to write permission on each stage via dashboard
2. add on the kanban board:  
a. after STAGE 04 Pelaksanaan RU, is STAGE 05 "Dokumen Review" by Admin (all). this stage is owned by ADMIN, marketing locked access, Inspektur view, kadiv /mgr override ,finance view. the function of these stage is admin can review all the document from client and approve to proceed to LHPP, if got rejected, inspektur can overide to redo the stage.
b. AFTER LHPP stage, is "Verifikasi Laporan & Penginputan SUKET" by Admin (role will be allocated by superadmin) this stage is owned by admin (locked access to all), marketing locked access, Inspektur view, kadiv /mgr override ,finance view. the function of these stage is admin report of the submission ticket on Disnaker and proceed to next stage "Disnaker".
c. on Disnaker stage, it will only have 30 days deadline (it will have ews early warning system if the date is due or delayed), on Disnaker stage, it owned by KADIV/MGR (locked access to all), marketing locked access, Inspektur view, kadiv /mgr override , finance view. The function of these stage is for KADIV/MGR to submit report on when the SUKET is processed by Disnaker and upload the completion of the SUKET by Disnaker on the system
d. AFTER Disnaker stage, is "Review SUKET" stage by Admin (will be allocated to specific person). this stage is owned by ADMIN, marketing locked access, Inspektur view, kadiv /mgr override ,finance view. the function of these stage is admin can review all the document from client and approve to proceed to Penagihan stage. if got rejected, inspektur can overide to redo the stage.
3. the user have an acces to view all the job details, but if on that job's stage, the user is not the owner, the user will not able to edit the job details, and the user will not able to move the job to the next stage. also all the job details is editable by superadmin.
4. after Penagihan stage there's one more additional stage "Pengiriman SUKET", this stage is owned by MARKETING (locked access to all), finance locked access, Inspektur view, kadiv /mgr override . the function of these stage is marketing hand over the SUKET to the client and if the client already received the SUKET, marketing will move the job to the next stage "Closed" and the job is closed.